(Ms. Gracie)
Hi. Welcome to my classroom.
I'm Ms. Gracie and this is Eli.
Today we're going to do some special work
on the computer that helps me know
what to teach you next.
Are you ready, Eli?
(Eli)
Yeah, I'm ready.
How does it work?
(Ms. Gracie)
You'll hear some questions
and get to pick your answer.
Pick the choice you think is right.
Here's what a question looks like.
Can you hear the teacher talking?
(Eli)
He's too quiet.
(Ms. Gracie) Click this speaker button
to open the slider.
Make the volume louder or softer
by moving the dot.
(test narrator)
...begin with the letter G.
(Eli)
That's better.
You can click anything that has
a speaker to listen to it again.
(Eli)
Okay.
I think the goat and gift are right.
(Ms. Gracie)
Good job, Eli!
Are you done with that question?
(Eli)
Yep. I think it's right.
Let's try another one.
(Ms. Gracie)
Sure. Click the Next button.
(Eli)
This one is tricky.
I never saw that kind of math before.
(Ms. Gracie)
That's okay, Eli.
We haven't learned this yet in school.
(Eli)
Should I just pick anything?
(Ms. Gracie)
Look at your choices and
pick the one you think it might be.
(Eli)
Hmm. Maybe it's 16.
No, that's too low of a number
and 25 is too high.
I think 20 is my best choice.
(Ms. Gracie)
Good work, Eli.
It's okay when a question seems hard.
Think about when you jump rope.
That was hard when you first tried, right?
(Eli)
It was,
but now I can do 17 jumps in a row.
(Ms. Gracie)
That's great!
This test is like jumping rope.
When a question gets harder,
it's like doing another jump in a row.
So, keep trying to answer every question
and see how far you can go.
(Eli)
Okay, Ms. Gracie.
I'll try hard when jumping rope
and when taking this test.
Should I click Next again?
(Ms. Gracie)
That's right, Eli.
Click Next to keep going.
(Eli)
I think I've got it now.
Are you reading for your turn?
(Mrs. Gracie)
Great idea, Eli.
Let's practice answering some questions.